hey guys coming to you review of my
Wilson a 2000 h2 are first off like I
say there is just a minor little like
grip right here from use but that's okay
there's no cracking anywhere else on the
glove it's an amazing condition I traded
my pro preferred but you know you can go
out and buy a pro preferred for a little
bit more money and you can't just go by
names to are that's how I look at it so
I don't really care about people judging
I like to deal I got I wanted an h2 are
really bad and um kind of have my eyes
on a different preferred pitching glove
anyways I mean that one was amazing by
the way you know who you all your glove
will be there in like two days
it's weekend right now so and I went to
a movie last night I just want to say
this guy's so you don't miss a good
movie I went to I mean I just got back
from this so it's pretty much right now
it's midnight one morning so it's need
for speed go see it it's an amazing
movie I love it it's awesome I like it
just as much as a fast and furious
movies it's really good
I've been baking the cars and stuff like
that so I just I'd say that so it's
getting to the review and got a bunch of
stuff coming for you guys so yeah this
is Wilson a 2008 tour it's got the teal
Webb binding and welting it's got the
Wilson logos here classic oh yeah that's
just that I could care less it's really
comfortable but I'm going to in the pink
you pretty much so yeah all black
leather really good leather no cracking
obviously no wearing really so for just
right there and minor spot but hold your
shape play catch with it today and I
really like it it's a really good glove
I think I can't believe how nice is so
yeah got the trigger snowmobile logo
looks a little shiny down there because
I put some oil on it just because it
kind of needed it but not really didn't
really but I didn't want to have to put
it on later so KW k DW
and the model number is Pro Stock 8000
1787 h2 are 11 and 3/4 this is the East
Bay one so that's really cool I like one
of the 1787 you know have one in HK but
it really wanted the h2 r1 I ordered a
brand new black lace for this one and
this one so that should be coming as one
of the things I got like six seven
things coming I got couple pairs of
batting gloves for me and my friend got
lace and I got red lace for my a 1000 I
got a really cool glove I'm just gonna
probably turn around and sell I just
wanted to see it I got it for $25 and it
was an amazing condition so you guys are
gonna probably really like it's a really
rare glove so $25 an amazing night of
cracking or anything and then I got a
bunch of like wristbands like this cuz I
like them I wear I wanted a so I got
like a Boston strong one I got at
LIVESTRONG when I already have a list
one one but I wanted another one and I
to put on my mountain bike from I go
mountain biking so I know I did steroids
and stuff like that Lance Armstrong I
mean it's still cool to have on your
mountain bike because it isn't like
biking so yeah and yeah I just let you
guys know what's coming and I think
there's got more things I forgot about
so yeah it's a really nice glove um
let's try the pocket here fall in this
should this thing is amazing play catch
with this like everyday got Jordan
wristband got a couple of those but very
traditional and then doing the pink
so I mean this club is fully broken in
so yeah and then one thing I my pro
preferred I put the wrist strap back to
normal it was like his loose as it gets
but that's a lot better knows stiffer
but I like it more because I was afraid
if I go like this like I could go like
this and it'll just fly off and I did
not like that so just Paul back in that
pocket and yeah it's pretty much it been
playing catch a lot lately getting my
arm warm taking it easy at first and
then you know starting to warm up first
practice is tomorrow so how's it my
awesome nothing's really for traders
sales so you could probably offer on
this h2r but I doubt I'm gonna get rid
of it I say the flaw stuff and I get rid
of it because I get really good offer so
I mean I need a really good offer on
this clove here because I really like it
so yeah the proferred pitching live I'm
looking at the one I had obviously was
amazing but I like this deal so yeah but
um it's a Rawlings preferred it's like a
12 inch or twelve and a quarter inch
black modified trap one so to it nice so
thanks for watching guys like comment
subscribe check out my Instagram and
I'll see you guys later